>> Steve Kinney: Fetching from S3.
I personally don't like that, but
I have coworkers that disagree with me.
And so for the application I work on,
we do the invalidation technique.
There is the dashboard for
the email API business, they actually
use the load TTL technique, right?
You get up to 1,000
invalidations per month.
And we can setup CI/CD so
that all of this is in place and
we don't have to think about it too much.
So let's think about our app.
The URL is great, it's fantastic now.
We don't have to do
anything manually anymore.
Now we're just writing code, right?
Our build pipeline takes care of
everything for us at this point.
It's hosted all around the world, right?
So it's not just distance from Virginia or
whatever region you picked.
It is globally distributed.
It is served over https, right?
We're getting to a production
grade website pretty quickly.